1. "A Clockwork Orange" = text or string
   42 = integer
   09/02/1945 = date
   98.7 = float
   15.99 = float

2. A database is necessary for situations in which there are multiple clients
   simultaneously trying to access and manipulate data. For instance if there
   were two users trying to change their respective emails, a database has the
   functionality which allows both of those updates to save at the same time. 
   On the other hand, text files are better suited for data that doesn't need
   to be changed. Legal documents, contact information and so for may be stored
   within a text file.

3. SQL's engine allows for the user to write code to specify what they want
   without having to specify the means to that end. SQL queries only require
   instructions about what the user wants to have done, and the engine decides
   how to handle that request. I can just call SELECT * FROM #{example_table}
   and then SQL will take care of the rest. Other programming languages have to 
   have instructions from the user regarding how to complete a certain task. To
   complete the same select query with other languages, you'd have to write
   instructions to loop through all the items that you want and return all the
   ones that match with what you're looking for.

4. Databases have engines which handle processing input and output between the
   application and the database tables. Database tables store information in
   rows and columns. The app uses queries to communicate what it wants from the
   database.

5. A table is the object containing all the information stored in a database. It
   is organized in tables and rows. Each row is like an object with information.
   The information stored in a row is categorized by columns, which separate the
   categories so that they are easier to handle and read. Values are the actual
   pieces of information that are stored within the rows/columns which in turn
   is contained within a table.

6. Integer, text, boolean.

7.   SELECT date, amount
     FROM payments;
     -This will select all the rows from the payments table, but only show the
      date and amount columns of the respective rows.

     SELECT amount
     FROM payments
     WHERE amount > 500;
     -This will select all the rows within the payments table in which the
      values for the amount column exceed 500. It will then display only the
      amount column for the qualifying rows.

     SELECT *
     FROM payments
     WHERE payee = "Mega Foods";
     -This will select all the rows within the payments table in which the value
      for the column "payee" matches "Mega Foods" and then return all the
      columns for the matching rows.

8.   SELECT email, signup
     FROM users
     WHERE name is DeAndre Data;
     
     SELECT userid
     FROM users
     WHERE email is 'aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu';
     
     SELECT *
     FROM users
     WHERE userid is 4
     